Welcome back to your machine learning.
Aid is at course.
In this tutorial I'd like to give you a quick heads up about the non-linear Support Vector regression.
So what we discussed previously was intuition for SVR indeed.
But this was intuition of the linear Support Vector regression model.
And while it's a great start into the world of SVR it is just the start.
There is so much more to support vector regression.
This was a simple linear model.
There are actually other models.
And the rest assured they will be covered in this course.
So they are coming up and we'll be talking about for instance the RPF Colonel SVR and the colonel trick
and all these important things that make this a model even more robust.
However I wanted to give you this heads up because already in upcoming Python tutorials that are coming
right after you just following this tutorial on the section you'll be working off had lunch to create
your first SVR model and the SVR model will already be non-linear.
So here you can see the results like I've blurred them out on purpose because I wanted not to.
I have wanted to make sure you don't get a spoiler by seeing the results in terms of the numbers but
you can see the model itself here and you can see that it's non-linear so just a straight line.
And that is because we're using or at will be showing you how to use the radial basis function kernel
for this as we are.
So it's really going to be a nonlinear as we are.
So now what's the reason for the heads up.
Well the thing is that the non-linear Support Vector regression will be called off further down the
course beyond this section.
So it's a bit of a mismatch but that's done on purpose because that's the easier way to grasp these
concepts and I'll explain in this falling slide.
So this is what we can prove.
This is what the nonlinear SVR will look like.
Right.
So compared to this this is the linear model as you can see is much more complex over here we have to
go into a third dimension and perform some calculations or some modelling there and go back.
So it is quite involved.
And in order to get there the following tutorials are essential so first in the section on SVM you'll
find it difficult SVM intuition.
So that's an essential tutorial to take in the steps to getting to.
Colonel SVR or nonlinear SVR then in the section on Colonel SVM the following section you can find them
in the part of the chorus that has to do with classification.
So in the section on Colonel SVM there's a tool called Colonel instrumentation.
Then there's a mapping to a higher dimension.
The colonel trick types of Colonel function.
And then finally non linear Colonel SVR says you can see is quite a complex topics topic and it comes
at the very end of this list.
So from here you have two choices You can either just after this tutorials go straight to at lunch Python
tutorials on Col on the SVR there that are coming up and just do them and just keep in mind that he
is using a nonlinear kernel and that will come later in the course the intuition for it will come later
in of course.
Or if you would like to get the intuition before you do the practical side of things then it's essential
that you would need to go through all of these stories that are mentioned on this slide over here get
to non-linear chronology and then come back to the Python turns.
So there are two options.
My preference if you ask me I would just go for lunch Python to turtles now just keep in mind that he
is using a nonlinear kernel for along with the code and then you will still get the intuition when the
time is right when you get to the section on kernel Israel.
So we go.
That's just a quick heads up on the what's coming up.
Of course the choice is yours and in any case please enjoy the course.
And there's lots of fun tutorials coming up and I look forward seeing an excellent Until then happy
analyzing.